memtx: fix use-after-free on background index build (#10646)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-10620-crash-on-rollback-after-background-index-build.md

## bugfix/memtx

> * Fixed a crash when transaction concurrent with background index build
>   was rolled back due to WAL failure (gh-10620).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a crash when a transaction that was processed concurrently with background
   index build was rolled back due to WAL failure (gh-10620).
```
